[403] Integrate the parts of the wiki that are still relevant (#458)
eclipse-sirius/sirius-desktop: README.md

## Eclipse Sirius Desktop

Sirius enables the specification of a modeling workbench in terms of graphical, table or tree editors with validation rules and actions using declarative descriptions.

For more details see [the project's website](https://eclipse.dev/sirius).

### Building

The build uses [Tycho](https://github.com/eclipse-tycho/).
To launch a complete build, issue:

```sh
mvn clean package
```

from the top-level directory. The resulting update-site (p2 repository) can be found in `packaging/org.eclipse.sirius.update/target/repository`.

> By default the build uses a Neon-based target platform. You can specify a different platform like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the build uses a 2023-03 target platform. You can specify a different platform like this:
```

Reviewer: Or, this sentence can be deleted, since you added the same information at the end of this chapter.
